hello friends I'm mudra from Madras
recipe.com today I am making Golconda
barfi Golconda is basically sweet which
is prepared by using rose petals now to
make this Golconda basically rose petals
are marinated into a sugar so to prepare
this Purvi i'm going to make use of 2
cups of ricotta cheese now if you do not
want to make use of ricotta cheese you
can also use some store-bought Koya or
amarra so in the pan here i have 2 cups
ricotta cheese and i'm going to start
the heat over medium high stir that in
and cook this for 5 minutes
after 2 minutes of cooking this ricotta
cheese will start to look like a melted
ice cream now you need to cook this for
3 more minutes and make sure that you
keep it stirring continuously so that
this cheese stir us take the pan or
doesn't get part and after it's cooked
for 5 minutes you can see that this
cheese has come together like a toe and
most of the moisture has been evaporated
from this ricotta cheese now at this
point of time I will go ahead and in
that will add milk powder then we'll add
in this Golconda
then add sugar and also I'm going to add
just a single drop of this rose it says
it is optional you can just give it just
a little bit and mix that in and I will
cook this everything together for four
to five minutes more that looks nice and
it's smelling wonderful and after our
five minutes of cooking this mixture
will thicken up like this and now we'll
go ahead and season this up with some
cardamom powder mix and I will pour this
butter mixture into dish and it's been
graced with clarified butter okay
and just spread it out evenly and I will
garnish this with little bit of sliced
blue notes specific will also use some
silver work just a little bit of clear
and ER
and I will put this dish in a
refrigerator of our shrink for about an
hour and here this
Golconda Burpee is been chilled for
about an hour now we will cut that into
small pieces
cut back into square
you
just take one piece out
that looks so good
and you look at that that looks perfect
and this Golconda barfi tastes delicious
it gets that awesome Rose flavor thank
you for watching please subscribe us on
our website or on our YouTube channel
you can also connect with us on Facebook
thank you see you soon bye
you